SEO Updates - Find and Replace Chained Redirects (#4170)
mattermost/docs: source/developer/webhooks-outgoing.rst

Share Your Integration
-----------------------

> If you've built an integration for Mattermost, please consider `sharing your work <https://mattermost.org/share-your-mattermost-projects/>`__ in our `app directory <https://apps.mattermost.com/>`__.

Reviewer: As per above comment, this redirects to integrations.mattermost.com.

> The `app directory <https://apps.mattermost.com/>`__ lists open source integrations developed by the Mattermost community and are available for download, customization and deployment to your private cloud or on-prem infrastructure.

Reviewer: As per above comment, this redirects to integrations.mattermost.com.

> The `app directory <https://apps.mattermost.com/>`__ lists open source integrations developed by the Mattermost community and are available for download, customization and deployment to your private cloud or on-prem infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `app directory <https://apps.mattermost.com/>`__ lists open source integrations developed by the Mattermost community and are available for download, customization, and deployment to your private cloud or self-managed infrastructure.
```

> The `app directory <https://integrations.mattermost.com/>`__ lists open source integrations developed by the Mattermost community and are available for download, customization and deployment to your private cloud or on-prem infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `app directory <https://integrations.mattermost.com/>`__ lists open source integrations developed by the Mattermost community and are available for download, customization and deployment to your private cloud or self-managed infrastructure.
```
